---
layout: post
title: "2025 W33: Recap"
microblog: false
date: 2025-08-17T22:30:00+0530
type: post
published: true
categories:
- "recap"
- "notes"
- "journal"
---

Another, almost full week, spent working on my apps, but the week has ended terribly for the kiddo. He's caught the seasonal flu, and is in terrible spirits, constantly irritated by the fever. This is the second time in three months he's caught an infection. The first time was very bad, for him and us. This time around, we're better prepared to care for him. 

During this, I did get to meet a very old colleague of mine. He started working at the company I worked at as a junior developer (SDE-1), in August 2015. My role was completely remote, so I never went to the capital city to the HQ during my several years there. After a decade, we was in Pune with his family, and neither of us could leave the opportunity of finally meeting up. 

He has a wonderful kid, an amazing wife, and lots of grey hair, just like me 😄 We've been working on different things at different places for the past four years, and our experiences, while mostly different, converged on few common thing: better bosses, slightly less pay, and a more holistic life. The stress from our jobs together may have accelerated the stress in our lives, but we both chose to slow down everything and bring a more balanced approach and start our respective families. It was so good to finally meet somebody (both of them in fact) who isn't hustling, but instead living simpler and is yet spending on travel and luxuries when they can afford it. 

This made me realise and affirmed my present position: This slower life is definitely worth it, and I was a fool to partake in hustle mode during my early twenties. Yes, I did learn many things, but may be too quickly for my own good, missing out on the finer details. 
