---
layout: post
title: "2025 W12: Recap"
microblog: false
date: 2025-03-23T22:30:00+0530
type: post
published: true
categories:
- "recap"
- "notes"
- "journal"
---

I've been meaning to get back to listening to the audiobooks I've purchsed/credited to my account. But this has been increasingly difficult. During my evening walks, I am now accompanied by the kiddo, which completely changes the mood from energised to fun. He needs and deserves all my attention. 

So, next week, I have some travel time coming up, during which I hope to complete at least one of these books. 

---

When we were out for a family staycation [last month](https://dezinezync.com/2025/02/16/recap), I had mindfully made reservations for a room which included the Club Lounge access. I've done the same for my upcoming trip for a few reasons:
- I have a two night stay this time around, and no breakfast included. However, the Club Lounge serves breakfast for enrolled members. 
- The club lounge also offers high-tea, coffee, beverages, and dinner during the evenings. 
- Quite, comfortable, working spaces
- Dedicated staff to assist you 
- Very few guests select this, so you're guaranteed privacy during most of your stay.

The Club Lounge is usually situated on higher floors, so the accompanying rooms are too. You get a high-floor room for very little cost.

If you've never experienced these, do try it once. It's not comparable to Airport lounges, as they've grown to become very crowded in India now. 

Each hotel's club lounge will offer different tiered experiences, just like the hotels themseleves, so don't go expecting 5-star services in a mid-tier hotel. 

---

I'm traveling back to a city I haven't been to in over 10 years. I'm excited to see how it has grown (or not), what's changed, try their metro system. 

The last I was there, their metro system was just a 1.8km stretch if I recall correctly. Now it's a good network. 

I also get to meet friends who are currently staying there, some whom I haven't met in six years, and some whom I've met over Mastodon! 