---
layout: post
title: "2025 W9: Recap"
microblog: false
date: 2025-03-02T22:30:00+0530
type: post
published: true
categories:
- "recap"
- "notes"
- "journal"
---

I do not feel energized at all! I've had trouble sleeping for the past three days, and at this point, nothing seems to be helping. My medications don't seem to kick in, my mind seems to remain alert through the night. 

Will definitely be seeing my doctor sometime this week to figure this out. 

Some close friends and I managed to meet up over the weekend though! I heard stories from their past lives I had never heard before and I'm now certain they are the kind that won't let anything bad happen to their close ones. Good to have friends like these. 

I'm no pacifist, but I've always been the kind of person who'd rather diffuse a confrontational situation than raise a fist. Never been in a fight, never want to. But should I find myself in one, I now know whom to call 😉

In another group, we had the kiddo with us, my friend's cat was also there, and the kiddo had such a fun time getting to know the cat. They both quickly became friendly with each other. We have lots of stray cats in the neighborhood and the kiddo loves to interact with them, from a distance. Today was the first time he was up-close with one, and I was glad to see how kind and gentle he was with the cat. Months of verbal education of telling him to be kind towards flowers, leaves, animals seems to have helped. His first instinct is to be gentle. 

Now to find a friend with a gentle dog, so I can introduce him to one. Seems like we have kid who loves certain animals. There's a cow shed nearby, and we took him there as well, but he wasn't too interested in them, even getting scared at times. It's definitely not the size, because on our walks, he often comes across big dogs, and isn't scared of them at all. He's almost a year old now, so we'll see how this progresses. 