---
layout: post
title: "2025 W5: Recap"
microblog: false
date: 2025-02-02T22:30:00+0530
type: post
published: true
categories:
- "recap"
- "notes"
- "journal"
---

> When life gives you lemons, go make lemonade

Oh, maybe I shouldn't have done that 😄

I took on more home duties and chores than I could complete last month, and that ended up giving me little to no time on the weekend to recover and recoup. But I'm glad it's February and all of that is behind me now. 

We hosted a small event for the kiddo over the weekend, and shockingly, fifty percent of the attendees traveled by the metro! Of the remaining, most were locals who walked over. I was surprised, and happy to learn these figures. More and more people are cozying up to the idea of hyperlocal and metro transport. 

----

So something interesting happened over the week that I want to note, both good and bad. Last week, a Windows 11 or Nvidia drivers update completely broke Thunderbolt DisplayPort output for my gaming rig, and in-turn, my Studio Display would go blank as soon as Windows loaded these drivers. I am able to see the boot screen, BIOS, etc. normally. 

I gave up at that point, hooked my old trusty 4K LG Matte panel back on my desk and carried on. I immediately learnt that LG was hosting some sale, and offering 27% discount through their online store. I immediately ordered the LG **27GS95QE-B**, which arrived a day before the expected delivery date. 

However, as soon as I connected the panel to power and tuned it on, it would only flash a single white bar on the left edge of the screen and then nothing! No OSD, no port selection. When connected to a Mac or a PC, it would not even show up in the displays list. Delivered at 2:40pm, and I'm sitting here with support at 3:30pm. 

LG Support told me they'd send a technician the next day to inspect and determine what needs to be done. I asked if they would replace the product, but that doesn't seem to be an option? Oh well! The technician arrived on Friday, inspected, determined the panel was faulty, and would put in a request for a replacement. 

To my surprise, the repalcement part arrived late Saturday evening, and Sunday evening, another technician arrived and replaced the panel, and everything has been working since! 

**The Bad**: It took fifteen minutes just to get connected to the right person using LG's online chat system. UGH! 

**The Good**: Once I got connected, it took less than two minutes to generate a support request number and get things rolling. 

**The Great**: The panel was replaced, up and working, within 48 hours! Exceptional service, LG! 
