---
layout: post
title: "2023: Wrapped"
microblog: false
guid: http://dezinezync.micro.blog/2023/12/24/2023-wrap-up/
date: 2023-12-24T09:00:00+0530
type: post
published: false
categories:
- “wrap-up"
url: /2023/12/24/2023-wrap-up/
---

Only a few days until 2024 arrives. 

2023 has been a significant year for me: personally, and professionally. 

You can read about the wraps up for my two apps on their respective blogs: [Elytra]() and [Pockity]()

---

### 1st Quarter

What I expected to be an uneventful quarter (in December, 2022) quickly turned into a busy one, with a cousin’s wedding in February, and then a [trip to Singapore](https://dezinezync.com/2023/05/15/singapore-1) in March. 

The last week of this quarter is always busy in India as our financial year comes to an end, and the rush to get all our matters in order begins, so we can file taxes as early as possible. 

### 2nd Quarter

What an oddly hot and humid summer! Constant humidity of 60% and up, hotter winds made for a terrible summer season, only graced and saved by absolutely delicious mangoes, and lots of strawberry ice cream.

### 3rd Quarter

And then the monsoon arrived, on-time unexpectedly. There was chatter about the monsoons being delayed because of El Niño, but it could not sway the south west monsoon by a day! 

Determined as they were, it made for pleasant work days and even better weekends. 

![PHOTO]

The missus and I spent a lot of our weekends with friends and family in the outdoors. We’d been planning for a baby for a while, and it finally came to fruition. We’re expecting our first baby in March of 2024.

And as exciting as that sounds, and I am, I’m equally terrified of having to completely be responsible for another human being. It’s a process, I’ve been told 😄

#### 4th Quarter

Work kept me quite busy through the first few weeks of the last quarter, eventually culminating in the winter setting in towards the last week of November. This has been the first winter my city is experiencing after a break of 2 years, rain for at least a day, every single month, for 24 months! 

The humidity kept the temperature from falling. But now that the winter is here, and here to stay for a bit, I’m eternally grateful for it. It’s my favourite weather! 

My school friend got married just a few days ago, and it was momentous to finally see the two of them getting married, happy, and hopeful.

The last two weeks are not slouch for me. It’s packed with events with family and friends, getting things in order for the baby. Once all of that is done, it’s finally going to be some me-time, something I’ve been looking forward to, for the entire year.

---

It’s been an eventful year, lots of things I’m thankful for, always wondering if I could have avoided some things, and done some others in a better way. 

A constant struggle for self-improvement, but that never ends, does it!
